Remove organization logo from the embed/iframe cards (#292)
AjuntamentdeBarcelona/decidim-barcelona: README.md

## Upgrade notes

> - `app/views/layouts/decidim/widget.html.erb` modify the embed to match the current card view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `app/views/layouts/decidim/widget.html.erb` modify the embed to remove organization's logo.
```
